docs: cypress v13.17.0 release (#6052)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: docs/app/references/changelog.mdx

title: Changelog
---

## 13.17.0

_Released 12/17/2024_

**Features:**

> - Added official support for the [Google Chrome for Testing](https://github.com/GoogleChromeLabs/chrome-for-testing) browser. Assuming the browser is in a location where it can be [auto-detected](https://on.cypress.io/troubleshooting-launching-browsers), it can be launched by providing the `--browser chrome-for-testing` option. If it can't be auto-detected, the path to the browser can also be provided. Previously [customizing the available browsers](https://on.cypress.io/customize-browsers) was required. Addresses [#28123](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/28123) and [#28554](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/28554).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added official support for the [Google Chrome for Testing](https://github.com/GoogleChromeLabs/chrome-for-testing) browser. Assuming the browser is in a location where it can be [auto-detected](/app/references/troubleshooting#Launching-browsers), it can be launched by providing the `--browser chrome-for-testing` option. If it can't be auto-detected, the path to the browser can also be provided. Previously [customizing the available browsers](/app/references/launching-browsers#Customize-available-browsers) was required. Addresses [#28123](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/28123) and [#28554](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/28554).
```
